Shifted documentation (#95)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/ShiftedProximalOperators.jl: docs/src/index.md

# ShiftedProximalOperators.jl

## Introduction

ShiftedProximalOperators is a library of proximal operators associated with proper
lower-semicontinuous functions such as those implemented in
[ProximalOperators.jl](https://github.com/JuliaFirstOrder/ProximalOperators.jl)
for use in the algorithms implemented in [RegularizedOptimization.jl](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/RegularizedOptimization.jl).

> The main difference between the proximal operators implemented in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main differences with the proximal operators implemented in
```

[ProximalOperators.jl](https://github.com/JuliaFirstOrder/ProximalOperators.jl)

> is that those implemented here involve a translation of the nonsmooth term.

Reviewer: We also implement new operators.

The operators from 
[ProximalOperators.jl](https://github.com/JuliaFirstOrder/ProximalOperators.jl)
can be written as

```math
\mathrm{prox}_{\nu h}(q) = \arg\min_t \left\{ \tfrac{1}{2}\|t-q\|^2 + \nu h(t) \right\}

> ```

Reviewer: this should be in the next section

## Proximal operators

We consider a proximal operator from [ProximalOperators.jl](https://github.com/JuliaFirstOrder/ProximalOperators.jl), for example [`ProximalOperators.NormL1`](https://juliafirstorder.github.io/ProximalOperators.jl/stable/functions/#ProximalOperators.NormL1).

```julia
using ProximalOperators, ShiftedProximalOperators
h = NormL1(1.0) # proximal operator
```

This package provides the following shifted proximal operators,
where `x` and `s` are fixed shifts, `h` is the nonsmooth term with respect
to which we are computing the proximal operator, `χ(.; ΔB)` is the indicator of

> a ball of radius `Δ` defined by a certain norm.

Reviewer: move the indicator part to the "ball" section below
